mkfs*: unify format (#16188)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/mkfs.fat.md

> - Create a fat filesystem inside partition 1 on device b (`sdb1`):

Reviewer: The descriptions should be fixed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Create a fat filesystem inside partition Y on device X:
```
